Simplifying  events/webhooks (#216)
AdobeDocs/commerce-services: src/pages/cloud/guides/rest/index.md

#### Events

> * [Events](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/extensibility/events/) - Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service events can differ slightly from the events available in other versions of Adobe Commerce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Events](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/extensibility/events/) - Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service supports a different set of events than other versions.
```

> To browse, search for, or request events, navigate to **System** > **Events** > **Event List** in the Adobe Commerce Admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To browse, search for, or request events, navigate to **System** > **Events** > **Event List** in the Admin.
```

#### Webhooks

Registering webhooks works differently between platforms. Instead of using the `webhooks.xml` file, you can register webhooks in the Commerce Admin or by using the REST API.

> Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service webhooks can differ slightly from the webhooks available in other versions of Adobe Commerce.

Reviewer: I don't think you need this paragraph because the previous paragraph says the same thing.

> To browse, search, or request webhooks, navigate to **System** > **Webhooks** > **Webhook List** in the Adobe Commerce Admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To browse, search, or request webhooks, navigate to **System** > **Webhooks** > **Webhook List** in the Admin.
```

Mention whatever endpoints are available right now.

#### Events

* [Events](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/extensibility/events/) - Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service supports a different set of events than other versions.

To browse, search for, or request events, navigate to **System** > **Events** > **Event List** in the Admin.

The following REST endpoints are available for events:

> 

Reviewer: Use the format VERB /route/to/endpoint

`GET /V1/eventing/getEventProviders`

> * /V1/eventing/eventSubscribe:name (`POST`) - Subscribes to the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* /V1/eventing/eventSubscribe/:name (`POST`) - Subscribes to the event.
```

> * /V1/eventing/eventUnsubscribe:name (`POST`) - Unsubscribes from the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* /V1/eventing/eventUnsubscribe/:name (`POST`) - Unsubscribes from the event.
```
